README.md, before:

# Deepak's Data Portfolio

# World Happiness & Urbanization (Data Exploration)
 * Investigated how urbanization correlates to happiness globally.
    - Initial hypothesis: Countries that urbanized more over the last decade are more likely to report increased happiness.
    - Result: no discernible correlation between happiness and increased urbanization over last decade
![happiness_urban_plot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37217825/151026469-37524e9e-a254-4a28-a547-e1616cd76112.png)
    - Interesting points:
        - China’s and India’s different paths
            - Both nations saw an increase in urbanization but diverged in happiness ratings.
            - China saw a large spike in urbanization and happiness. Particularly of note is that China went from below 50% urbanized population at the start of the decade to well above 60%, indicating a mass population cultural shift.
            - Whereas for India, despite significant growth in urbanization, the nation is still mainly rural with less than 40% of the population in urban areas. This split is probably more indicative of a cultural rift, with societal imbalance causing strife.
            ![china_india_compare](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37217825/151027478-a2321d01-c26c-4485-8768-3cdcf7daf4ed.gif)
        - West’s Changes in Urbanization
            - Nations that saw increased in urbanization saw political shifts towards end of decade (ex: France & 2017 Presidential election, UK & 2016 Brexit referendum, USA & 2016 Presidential election). The increased cultural divide between urban and rural populations of each of these nations most likely contributed to political outcomes.
            - Nations that saw low/stable urbanization did not have political upheavals and instead maintained steady political establishment (ex: Merkel & Germany, Trudeau & Canada)
![west_compare_plot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37217825/151028141-ed80b274-48d3-47fe-a249-85193443672e.png)

Commit message:

Adding explanation of portfolio to README file

README.md, after:

# Deepak's Data Portfolio
This repository holds a sample of theprojects I've worked on, exploring a variety of topics.

The README file provides overviews, takeaways, and graphics of specific projects. If you would like to review the code or data for yourself, please take a look at the project folders. All data sources are credited in code files.

The work_examples folder contains code from projects I have worked on professionally.

# World Happiness & Urbanization (Data Exploration)
 * Investigated how urbanization correlates to happiness globally.
    - Initial hypothesis: Countries that urbanized more over the last decade are more likely to report increased happiness.
    - Result: no discernible correlation between happiness and increased urbanization over last decade
![happiness_urban_plot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37217825/151026469-37524e9e-a254-4a28-a547-e1616cd76112.png)
    - Interesting points:
        - China’s and India’s different paths
            - Both nations saw an increase in urbanization but diverged in happiness ratings.
            - China saw a large spike in urbanization and happiness. Particularly of note is that China went from below 50% urbanized population at the start of the decade to well above 60%, indicating a mass population cultural shift.
            - Whereas for India, despite significant growth in urbanization, the nation is still mainly rural with less than 40% of the population in urban areas. This split is probably more indicative of a cultural rift, with societal imbalance causing strife.
            ![china_india_compare](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37217825/151027478-a2321d01-c26c-4485-8768-3cdcf7daf4ed.gif)
        - West’s Changes in Urbanization
            - Nations that saw increased in urbanization saw political shifts towards end of decade (ex: France & 2017 Presidential election, UK & 2016 Brexit referendum, USA & 2016 Presidential election). The increased cultural divide between urban and rural populations of each of these nations most likely contributed to political outcomes.
            - Nations that saw low/stable urbanization did not have political upheavals and instead maintained steady political establishment (ex: Merkel & Germany, Trudeau & Canada)
![west_compare_plot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37217825/151028141-ed80b274-48d3-47fe-a249-85193443672e.png)
